straightly and confidently, either as one well-broken
to adventure with no mind to shrink from this, or, as the landlord
more shrewdly preferred to think, as one by nature timid--himself,
for example--who, being involved in a course of a highly daunting
character, was compelled to act in a manner of frenzied eagerness, or
not at all.

The landlord, panting after her in stealth, found his breath quite
insufficient for the wicked wind, and, too, his head became the prey
of neuralgic pains. He had never been so nearly a hero in his life as
his curiosity, his cunning, and rapacity made him now. Presently a
sheer and narrow cleft appeared between the rocks. The woman walked
along, and a minute afterwards her gaze was strained upon the sea. She
approached to the extreme verge of the waters, so that her feet were
wetted with the tide. She held her hand across her brows to shield them
against the darkness and the driving sleet; and that her eyes might
cleave the boiling waste before her.

Nothing could she see, however, except the sea whining and straining
from the wind and snow, and casting up its giant belly to the stars
like some impotent god of emptiness and fury frothing its threats
against the universe. Again her eyes embraced this chaos, but only a
lightship could she see swaying many a mile away; the light upon it
seemed to hang above a chasm on the very margin of the world.

The night had now pierced her to the blood, while the upthrown surf
had stung her face so bitterly that she could support its devilries no
more. The landlord, in his wisdom, had not advanced beyond the shelter
of the rocks; but the lantern that the woman bore was much his friend,
and now at last the tardy moon showed signs of bursting through the
wrack that forever raced across it. To him the ladyâ€™s movements were
therefore made excellently plain; their very visibility, however, did
but render her motives the more obscure. After a little while the
landlord saw her turn her back upon the black waste of roaring winds
and waters, and retrace her steps near to where he crouched encumbered
in shingle and rank grass. He crept the closer into secrecy, so that
presently she walked so closely past him that in her unconsciousness
the hem of her cloak nearly brushed his feet.

By the time the woman had gone some yards beyond him, the landlord got
upon his legs and followed her with the same precaution as before.
To his bewilderment, and untold annoyance too, instead of pressing
directly back upon the path leading to the inn, as he had calculated
that she would, she began swiftly to ascend one of the beetling faces
of the rocks. The landlord put the stern q