lf-past nine. And
when my Lord Farnham and his lady left his doors, the King would also
go.

In the mood of that particular moment these thoughts were bitter. A
moment before and a moment afterwards the landlord had half a hope that
his message might miscarry, and that the soldiers would not come at
all. It would be the loss of a fortune, it was true. But so extreme was
the nausea of his weakness, that he felt unable to bear the brunt of
all that must ensue.

The cries, the struggles, the prayers, the recriminations, the despair,
and possibly the blood, would they not be more than his manhood could
endure! But at this instant he was fearful lest the delay should be the
means of two prizes of great worth slipping out of his fingers. The
King would escape, and the cavalier and his wife would go unchallenged.
A fortune would be lost to him, and all because in the first place he
had wavered. Had he but been the man that all his life he had thought
himself, Joseph would never have been recalled, and the business would
have been over an hour ago.

Ten minutes to nine. Would the soldiers never come! The landlord was
resigning himself to his despair. He must tell Cicely to prepare the
Kingâ€™s supper. Never was a weak man so well punished for his dalliance.
They would not be here in time; the King would escape.

As the chances of that contingency increased, and it looked more and
more probable that the landlord would not after all have to pass
through the most terrible ordeal of his life, greed, his ruling
passion, reasserted itself. He became the prey of the bitterest
disappointment.

At five minutes to nine he was lamenting the loss of a fortune. Alas,
they would be too late! He sat down in his fireside chair with a heavy
sense of personal misfortune. He had sweated blood over this bitter
business; and yet nothing had come of it. He had frightened the life
out of himself; he had stripped his craven heart naked before the
fierce eyes of his understanding; there were no longer unsuspected
secrets existing between his brain and his spirit; and there was not to
be a penny-piece to compensate him. He had lost a fortune. He had not
taken the tide at the flood. The hesitation of his weakness had been
fatal.

Three minutes to nine. There came sounds in the night suddenly. The
landlord sprang up from his chair, and ran to the keyhole of the
kitchen door. Horses!

Oh, God! they were coming, after all. His first thought was, not that
they were coming in time to earn a fortune for him, but that they were
actually coming, after all; and that the moment of his agony was at
hand. The wretched man clapped his hands to his ears; he cou