 15     |    4376    |   2·5   |    „      „      „       |
    10     |    4248    |   1·5   |    „      „      „       |  Violet.
     0     |    4010    |   0·2   |    „      „      „       |
  ---------+------------+---------+--------------------------+----------

Her curve of luminosity in the spectrum was next taken, and her
readings are given in the table above. The curve is shown in Fig. 40.
The shaded band beneath it applies to her curve. Miss W.’s luminosity
curve is also repeated in the same figure for the sake of comparison.

An endeavour was made to form a series of colour equations with her
eyesight by placing three slits in different parts of the spectrum, but
without success, although a match with white was made in two positions.
One slit was in the orange-red (52 of the scale), another at E, and the
third at G; mixtures were made which she said matched the white, but
they were so erratic that it was useless to measure the apertures. When
the slit in the violet was covered up, a white patch being alongside as
a comparison, she called the mixture of red and green “brownish-green”;
when the slit in the red was covered she called the mixed light of
green and violet “green”; and when the green slit was covered up she
called the purple colour a “different kind of brown.”

When the first slit was moved into the red near the lithium line she
called the colours “green,” whenever the green slit was uncovered. A
piece of red glass was placed in the white reflected beam, forming
a red patch, and a patch of the blue at scale No. 30·5 (λ 4862) was
placed alongside, and she matched them in luminosity and in colour.
(The dominant colour of the signal glass in question was λ 6220.) She
finally was tested with colour discs.

To make white she required

                 130 G + 113 R + 117 U = 72 W + 218 B.

She was then tried with the blue and green discs alone and made a
match--

                     258 U + 102 G = 65 W + 295 B.

An attempt was made to match with the green and red discs alone, but
this failed.

She matched the red disc alone with black and white, and also the blue
disc alone--

                   360 R = 56 W + 304 B (corrected),
                   360 U = 60 W + 300 B (corrected).

With any proportion of R and U mixed together she matched a grey of
approximately the same intensity as above, as it might be supposed she
would from the last two equations.

Taking the intensity curve of the light reflected from the red disc, it
was found to contain a great deal of the part of the spectrum which she
called brownish, viz., from 33·5 to 48 on the scale, whereas the blue
reflected a trifle of this portion of the spectrum, as did also the
green; and this may account for her making a match to grey of U and G,
and not of R and G, but it is hard to see why she matched U alone and
also R with the grey.

Reviewing the case, it seems that any perception of colour is very
small, and that the sensations are green and m