nsation most
complete. Mr. Nettleship, who furnished the case, has kindly added the
following remarks on the case:--

His acuteness of vision was 6/36 with the right eye and 6/60 with the
left. He smoked half-an-ounce of “shag” daily and drank about four
pints of beer. His sight had been failing for about two months. As is
common in early stages of this disease the ophthalmoscope revealed no
decided changes at the optic discs.

He passed the test of the Holmgren wools satisfactorily, proving that
the usual vision was normal for colour, but failed at once with the
pellet test.

[Illustration: FIG. 36.]

The objects in view were to test his perception of the spectrum
colours, and then the extent of his retinal field for colour. This
last is not recorded here. The spectrum colours were reduced to
uniform luminosity between λ 4600 and λ 6600. Diaphragms containing
holes of different sizes were placed in front of the last prism, and
thus a round spot of monochromatic light of the same luminosity was
produced upon the screen when a slit was passed through the spectrum.
From the red end to λ 5270 he called the whole of the colours white,
and from that point he began to see blue, called the colours bluish
and blue. When the full illumination for all the colours was used,
the same results were obtained. From this examination it would appear
that he was totally deprived of the sensation of any colour except of
blue. A subsequent examination of his perception of the luminosity of
different rays, however, has to be taken into account, for in the first
examination he had no light of pure white with which to compare the
colours. In the next experiments, a strip of white light was placed in
juxtaposition to the colour, and the results were slightly different.
The table below gives his luminosity measures (Fig. 36). Col. I. is
the empyric scale number, II. is the wave-length, III. the luminosity
of the colour to the normal eye, IV. the luminosity to X., and V. the
ratios of III. to IV.

In the diagram, his luminosity curve X. is shown, its area being 1400
against 1650 for the normal eye. His central perception of light, as
arrived at by the extinction method, was only two-thirds of that of
the normal eye; hence his area of luminosity should be 1100. As it is
1400, the ordinates of the above curve should be multiplied by 0·8, to
compare with that of the normal eye.

  -----+-------+----------+----------+-----+--------------------+----------------
  I.   | II.   | III.     |  IV.     |  V. |                    | Spectrum
  -----+-------+----------+----------+-----+                    | colour to
  Scale|Wave-  |Luminosity|Luminosity| IV. |  Colours to X.     | normal
  No.  |length.|to the    |to X.     | --  |                    | eye.
       |       |normal eye|          | III.|                    |
  -----+-------+----------+----------+-----+--------------------+----------------
  60   |  6730 |    7·3   |     0    | 0   |Sees only the white |Red.
       |       |          |  